feat: add generic selection support for ItemsRepeater (#451)
unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui: doc/helpers/itemsrepeater-extensions.md

- `ItemsSelectionMode`: Defines constants that specify the selection behavior.
  > Different numbers of selected items are guaranteed: None=0, SingleOrNone=0 or 1, Single=1, Multiple=0 or many.
  - `None`: Selection is disabled.
  - `SingleOrNone`: Up to one item can be selected at a time. The current item can be deselected.
  - `Single`: One item is selected at any time. The current item cannot be deselected.
  - `Multiple`: The current item cannot be deselected.

## Usage
```xml
xmlns:utu="using:Uno.Toolkit.UI"
xmlns:muxc="using:Microsoft.UI.Xaml.Controls"
...

<muxc:ItemsRepeater ItemsSource="{Binding ...}"
                    utu:ItemsRepeaterExtensions.SelectionMode="Single">
    <muxc:ItemsRepeater.ItemTemplate>
        <DataTemplate>
            <!-- pick one: -->
            <ListViewItem Content="{Binding}" />
            <!-- <CheckBox Content="{Binding}" /> -->
            <!-- <RadioButton Content="{Binding}" /> -->
            <!-- <ToggleButton Content="{Binding}" /> -->
            <!-- <utu:Chip Content="{Binding}" /> -->
        </DataTemplate>
    </muxc:ItemsRepeater.ItemTemplate>
</muxc:ItemsRepeater>
```

### Remarks

> - The selection feature from this extensions support ItemTemplate which the root element is a `SelectorItem` or `ToggleButton`(which includes `Chip`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The selection feature from this extension supports ItemTemplates whose root element is a `SelectorItem` or `ToggleButton` (which includes `Chip`).
```
